# QST
Quiz/Survey/Test   --    Jan. 08, 2025

QST is a free, complete, secure, enterprise grade, open source online/lan assessment/exam solution.
You can try it at https://qstonline.org and download it from https://sourceforge.net/projects/qstonline/. 

To us, open source means providing you our best software, not an inferior version.

We have 0 security vulnerabilities in our software. Check that against other offerings, including Learning Management System's with quiz/test abilities.
  There is no reliance on "community" to secure our software, we do that ourselves.
  

  - Our single point access, with all input verified, sized and sanitized guarantees your security.

  - User lock out after 5 unsuccessful logins for 4 minutes (can be adjusted) foils brute force attacks.

  - Only single logins for each user allowed.
      Role based authorization.

Don't believe the uncorroborated marketing statements vendors place on their sites claiming thousands to millions of users/downloads, etc., nor how they may be built on 'open standards'. How your software is implemented has no bearing on a standard format it may output, nor how well it performs, nor it's security vulnerabilities.

We are NOT SELLING software.

Our mission:
- To be 'the default assessment solution for general use' by providing this free, open source, continually evolving software for everyone.

We possess many, many decades of software development experience which translates to a product that will save you money by being very economical to run at small or large scale, is extremely stable, secure and has a feature set that no others can match. 

At QST our teams mandate is to support this software and create new features (many are from users requests).
We provide free email support for installs and scaling.
We've been doing this since we first posted QST in 2018 and will continue to do so for many, many years to come.
At sourceforge.net you can see our track record and the work we put into our software.
We have just surpassed 20,000 downloads at sourceforge.net .

We do not update this site very regularly. Go to https://sourceforge.net/projects/qstonline/ for updates and new versions.

Our latest release is QST version 3.12.07 on Dec. 20, 2024.

We are currently completing our Copy/Paste interface for adding questions to QST generated by AI with our Import AI feature.
It will work with other templates on offer from other vendors and some basic formats already in use.

- We are proud of our contribution to open source assessment/examination and our ability to let you "own your questions" withtout being locked into one vendors format.

- AI is going to offer a huge abilty to create questions and QST fills the void for securely and economically using them to assess achievemnent levels.
  
* ** *** **** ***************************************
  
Want to create an online or mobile quiz, survey or test? From a quick quiz on your phone to large scale, high stakes proctored desktop testing, our software makes it easy, secure and economical. 

The numerous features (Immediate detailed results, WYSIWYG/Math-Chemistry/Equation/Formula/Symbol and Basic Text Editors, Question Bank, Multiple Question Types, Multiple Delivery Styles, Multiple Delivery Options, Multiple Results Options, Randomly Chosen Questions, Branching Questions/Skip Logic, Auto Marking, Print a QST, Save a users marked QST as a PDF, Schedule a QST, Bulk upload students/instructors/classes, etc.) in open source QST rival or surpass those found in commercial online exam and survey software systems. Too many features to mention here, but following are a few.

QST allows you to view/mark users quizzes and tests and examine detailed statistics for each quiz/survey/test and question(s) in it. Real time results analysis. View detailed QST results by class/group in GradeBook.

Share your questions with other QST users or your Question Bank Administrator (export/import questions with images and pdf's and explanations and file descriptions as QST XML).

Import questions and answers (including images) in your word .docs.

Export/Import Moodle XML questions: multiple choice (one or many answers), matching, true/false, short answer and essay. Includes images in questions and answers. Also file descriptions in alt tags for screen readers and General feedback.

Export/Import IMS QTI 1.2/2.0/2.1/2.2/3 open format questions: multiple choice (one or many answers), matching, true/false, short answer and essay. Includes images in questions and answers and rubrics.

Convert questions to other popular formats for export: Moodle XML, QTI 2 open format, QST XML, PDF.

Free Converter is also available with a Free Account at qstonline.org.

GradeBook is also included, so you may also create marks for other assignments and add weights(%) to qst's and assignments for a Complete Assessment Solution. Interpret all your results here.

Change the QST interface to your own language.

Installs on Windows 7/10/11, Ubuntu, Mac OS and is production grade on all.

Runs on your laptop, desktop, server or the cloud.

Easily scales to thousands of simultaneous users and more. We will help with email support.
No need for complicated infrastructure to support it. 
All components of QST run multithreaded which greatly reduces the hardware requirements. 

Android app at sourceforge.net.

Available on Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Edge, Opera and Brave.

Get QST at https://sourceforge.net/projects/qstonline/ .

Licenced under GPL v2.

Thank you to summernote.org for their super WYSIWIG editor, mathjax.com and letsencrypt.org for their free SSL certificates.

Contact us at qstsupport@shaw.ca .

